tell me a little you started to prepare
the boxes of cookies is now my home
in fact it has become almost a tradition
when the month of December begins
I immediately prepare all kinds of biscuits
form color and then preserve them
boxes of dacca and here I have prepared the
my list of christmas cookies there
I show no these are all
speeches that we have already addressed
together
But missing the cookies
canestrelli that today I would like to prepare
together with you but reducing the quantity
of butter of more than 50 percent
let's see the idea to prepare 25 30
canestrelli biscuits we need
100 grams of white flour 100 g of
starch a hard yolk 50 g of sugar a
veil 60 g of butter 50 grams of hazelnuts
a pinch of salt
a sachet of vanillin a couple of
tablespoons of milk to serve sugar a
enough veil in a bowl
we sift the white flour and combine
even the potato starch that he doesn't have
need to be sifted but seen
that we are there
we make it pass through the pollens
then we said that we want to reduce
the amount of butter in here the
so what should we use
some ingredients that help us
kneading such as hazelnuts
because in here
that is, it hides a part of hatred no
we all know that then we put it
a bit of hazelnuts
and add the icing sugar
we fly in everything now we have added the
hazelnuts sugar we also pass the
butter that you trust is much much less
compared to traditional recipes
then now an egg established and then the ok 8
clearly whole with the shell for 8
10 minutes then I let it cool
and then I removed the albumen and the sieve
so i let it go through a
strainer to make a velvety cream I do
so of light you can also pass it with
the potato masher also the amount of
soil that I used used is
much lower than the recipes
classic because I always try to reduce
fats and sugars flavored with
vanillina add a pinch of salt
and essential when using
flour
but there is another bit of butter ok in the app
it will be our ingredient that helps us
also this to knead just because
the amount of fat is lower
we mix well until you get one
sort of pastry
adding milk if necessary afterwards
having kneaded our dough ho
left to rest under the bowl for
about 15 minutes so that in short
the dough could not relax
a tyrant then much better at work
a little with hands prepared a little
flour we sport the plan we crush a
po with your hands and then with a rolling pin
we make a disc with the thickness of
about a centimeter a little less than i
canestrelli should be rather thick not
there is leaven but we must make them sisti
once realized the counting I took
a mold the classic in short , shaped
of flower with a diameter of 4 cm e
we make our canestrelli then
I go directly to an oven plate
lined with wax paper if I go to
have discount we cook in this
so then we also go to impact
all pasta scraps
once these flowers are made
we can also make the ring
internal so you can take one
stencil with a diameter of one centimeter
so it is to remove the interior but I know that
this is not found very easily
stencil then I suggest you type
make the handle of a spoon of
simple wood and it is press in the center
which I think is even more beautiful and
elegant
so I suggest this solution
in the meantime or preheat the oven to
180 degrees and then I'm going to cook i
canestrelli for about 10 11 minutes until
when the surface will appear
lightly browned a bit of sugar
veil over and you're done
get your biscuits ready in time
so you will make the whole family happy
you know I like it a lot to prepare
cookies in general with my grandchildren
years from two to one and four years
I do not tell you flour and icing sugar
scattered throughout the kitchen but it is
really fun
happy holidays to you all